Add docs to enable libvirt compute resources (#4046)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-libvirt-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-libvirt-plugin"]

> = Enabling libvirt plugin
> 
> Install the libvirt plugin to attach a libvirt/KVM compute resource provider to {Project}.

Reviewer: If you want to get really technical, it's not a plugin. Instead, it's built into Foreman itself where there is some code in place to disable code paths. That's the the installer command is `--enable-foreman-compute-...` and not `--enable-foreman-plugin-...`

Would this be a better phrasing? Feels very redundant. Especially if the procedure below also has effectively the same text.
```suggestion
= Enabling libvirt compute

Install the libvirt compute resource provider to attach libvirt/KVM compute resources to {Project}.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-libvirt-plugin"]
= Enabling libvirt plugin

Install the libvirt plugin to attach a libvirt/KVM compute resource provider to {Project}.

> This allows you to provision and manage hosts on libvirt/KVM.

Author: I dropped it because it does not add any value.
